README.md, before:

# Portfolio Project

## Description
Even week of the module challenges, were we had to make our own html and css into our own Portfolio applying what we have learned in class. This is to cemement the basics into us by directly using these skills and more that we have yet to learn. This project gives us real world experince in using git hub, reset sheets, style sheets and some javascript. Working on this also gave me some experience in researching new topics and skills that I had yet to learn and apply. 

## Installation
None required as this is a webpage document to display my personal information. 

## Usage
This should and hopefully used by future employers to see my professional information.



## Credits
Free use photos for each sections have been pulled from a freepik.com.

About me section photo credits: <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/document-marketing-strategy-business-concept_18043307.htm#query=projects%20clip%20arty&position=2&from_view=search&track=ais&uuid=93ab9e9d-2d31-400c-83f2-aa607301a5b6">Image by rawpixel.com</a> on Freepik

Projects section photo credits: <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/document-marketing-strategy-business-concept_18043307.htm#query=projects%20clip%20arty&position=2&from_view=search&track=ais&uuid=93ab9e9d-2d31-400c-83f2-aa607301a5b6">Image by rawpixel.com</a> on Freepik

Resume section photo credits are:  <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/resumes-desk_10323300.htm#query=resume%20clip%20art&position=1&from_view=search&track=ais&uuid=eb95ac09-18fe-4481-b7ed-1a46749612f2">Image by Racool_studio</a> on Freepik


## MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Nicholas Weinstein

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

added the deployed link and screenshots to the readme page

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Project

## Description
Even week of the module challenges, were we had to make our own html and css into our own Portfolio applying what we have learned in class. This is to cemement the basics into us by directly using these skills and more that we have yet to learn. This project gives us real world experince in using git hub, reset sheets, style sheets and some javascript. Working on this also gave me some experience in researching new topics and skills that I had yet to learn and apply. 

## Installation
None required as this is a webpage document to display my personal information. 

## Usage
This should and hopefully used by future employers to see my professional information.
 
 Here is the deployed link of the webpage: https://cweinstein36.github.io/Personal-Portfolio/

 '''md
 ![alt text](assets/screenshots/Screenshot%202023-11-18%20155619.png)
 '''

 '''md 
 ![alt text](assets/screenshots/Screenshot%202023-11-18%20155725.png)
 
## Credits
Free use photos for each sections have been pulled from a freepik.com.

About me section photo credits: <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/document-marketing-strategy-business-concept_18043307.htm#query=projects%20clip%20arty&position=2&from_view=search&track=ais&uuid=93ab9e9d-2d31-400c-83f2-aa607301a5b6">Image by rawpixel.com</a> on Freepik

Projects section photo credits: <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/document-marketing-strategy-business-concept_18043307.htm#query=projects%20clip%20arty&position=2&from_view=search&track=ais&uuid=93ab9e9d-2d31-400c-83f2-aa607301a5b6">Image by rawpixel.com</a> on Freepik

Resume section photo credits are:  <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/resumes-desk_10323300.htm#query=resume%20clip%20art&position=1&from_view=search&track=ais&uuid=eb95ac09-18fe-4481-b7ed-1a46749612f2">Image by Racool_studio</a> on Freepik


## MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Nicholas Weinstein

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
